Welcome to the program.
warning to the final
more than a third of the earth's inhabitants
believes in the bible in the past many
gave their life to have the privilege
read your pages and obey the
your instructions
on the other hand for hundreds of years
others have relegated the bible there is contempt
and the chains of darkness intended
that she should stay forever
object of so much controversy
this book has taken many still cattle
would indeed be the bible the word of god
to their stories some seeming
advantageous
it would be true moment
on today's show you'll see together
with me some archaeological evidence
that actually lead us to think with
seriousness about the book on foot